- Meeting Two -> rescheduled to Thursday
- Covered current progress following spring break
- We need to be doing the meeting logs more often
- TA wants us to have a product that at least partially works for use in lab
- Confirmed with the TA that our roles balanced the work
    - Sean & Ethan are working on the map api and the parking api
    - Israt & Logan are working on the visual elements (pages, logos, formatting, etc.)
    - Razvan & Timothy are working on the user database system our program will take advantage of
- We talked as a group about a timeline for when we want the main deliverables done by. 
    - Map April 11
    - User & parking database April 18
    - User design & pages April 21/22